<!--
Search keywords:
confidentiality
mozilla confidential
data classification
-->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="min-width: 25em;">__TOC__</td>
    <td style="vertical-align: top; padding-left: 1em;">
<span style="background-color: #14892c; border-radius: .25em; color: #ffffff; display: inline-block; font-weight: bold;
margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">READY</span>

The data classification is intended to allow Mozilla to operate effectively in the open while protecting sensitive information.

These data classification levels use the colors of the [[Security/Standard Levels|Standard Levels]].

If you think there is information that is improperly classified, we encourage you to work with the document owner, using
this page as a reference. If you are unable to come to a resolution, please reach out to the Infrastructure Security team via Slack or email.


Updates to this page should be submitted to the [https://github.com/mozilla/wikimo_opsec/ source repository on github].
Changes are detailed in the [https://github.com/mozilla/wikimo_opsec/commits/master commit history].

The Infrastructure Security team maintains this document.
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

= Mozilla Data Classification =

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! <span style="color:Gray;">'''Sharing data'''</span>
|-
|
When sharing or distributing data, documents, etc. you are responsible for setting and changing a classification label.
While it is required for all Google Workspace documents, it is strongly advised that you use them with any tools and communications systems where Mozillians may share
information.  (e.g.: text documents, attachments to emails, Matrix topics, and other digital media documents).
|}

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Label
! Definition
|-
! <span style="background-color: #cccccc; border-radius: .25em; color: #000000; display: inline-block; font-weight: bold; margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Public</span>

| Data that can be shared with the world.
The information would have no negative effect if made public (Low risk data).
|-
! <span style="background-color: #4a6785; border-radius: .25em; color: #ffffff; display: inline-block; font-weight:
bold; margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Mozilla Confidential - Staff and NDA'd Mozillians Only</span><br /> or <span style="background-color: #4a6785; border-radius: .25em; color: #ffffff; display: inline-block; font-weight:bold; margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Mozilla Confidential</span>
| Data that can be shared with all of Mozilla staff and NDA’d contributors.
This information is potentially sensitive and could have a negative impact on Mozilla if made public (Medium risk data).
|-
! <span style="background-color: #ffd351; border-radius: .25em; color: #594300; display: inline-block; font-weight:
bold; margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Mozilla Confidential - Specific Work Groups Only</span><br /> or <span style="background-color: #ffd351; border-radius: .25em; color: #594300; display: inline-block; font-weight:bold; margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Workgroup confidential</span>
| Data that can be shared with a specific group of people, like a specific team.
This information, if disclosed beyond the group, would expose information that is not  necessary and/or should not be
available to the rest of the company (e.g. "employee salary info") (High risk data).
|-
! <span style="background-color: #d04437; border-radius: .25em; color: #ffffff; display: inline-block; font-weight: bold; margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Mozilla Confidential - Specific Individuals Only</span>
| Data that can be shared only with specific individuals who have been granted access by the data owner.
This information, if disclosed beyond the individuals, would have a significant negative effect on Mozilla or its users
(Maximum risk data).
|-
|}


= Examples of data classification =

''The list of examples is not an  exhaustive list.''

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Label
! Examples
|-
! <span style="background-color: #cccccc; border-radius: .25em; color: #000000; display: inline-block; font-weight: bold; margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Public</span>

| Firefox source code <br>
 Public Github Repositories <br>
 Public brown bags on AirMozilla <br>
 Bugzilla bugs without any security/restricted flags <br>
 Documentation on a wiki or the MDN page <br>
 Newsletters or announcements made for consumer viewership <br>
|-
! <span style="background-color: #4a6785; border-radius: .25em; color: #ffffff; display: inline-block; font-weight:
bold; margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Mozilla Confidential - Staff and NDA'd Mozillians Only</span><br /> or <span style="background-color: #4a6785; border-radius: .25em; color: #ffffff; display: inline-block; font-weight:bold; margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Mozilla Confidential</span>
| Information shared in the monthly MoCo/MoFo internal meeting <br>
 Bugzilla bugs with the "Moco confidential" or "infrastructure" flags <br>
 Aggregate survey data about Mozilla employees <br>
 Fox Fooding data for soon to be released products or services <br>
|-
! <span style="background-color: #ffd351; border-radius: .25em; color: #594300; display: inline-block; font-weight:
bold; margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Mozilla Confidential - Specific Work Groups Only</span><br /> or <span style="background-color: #ffd351; border-radius: .25em; color: #594300; display: inline-block; font-weight:bold; margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Workgroup confidential</span>
| Employee's street address, SSNs, performance data <br>
 Service passwords/credentials <br>
 Bugzilla bugs with security or restricted flags <br>
 Proprietary or protected information, code, libraries from Mozilla partners <br>
 Contracts or legal documents <br>
 Unannounced communication materials (dates, visuals, plans) for campaigns, product launches, etc <br>
|-
! <span style="background-color: #d04437; border-radius: .25em; color: #ffffff; display: inline-block; font-weight: bold; margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Mozilla Confidential - Specific Individuals Only</span>
| Firefox release signing keys <br>
 Specific partner conversations <br>
 Employee bank account information <br>
 User/personal passwords/credentials <br>
 Aquistion roadmaps or decisions <br>
 [https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/governance/policies/participation/ Community Participation Guideline (CPG)] report data. <br>
|-
|}


= Deciding how to correctly classify  =

''The list of examples of how to label data is not an exhaustive list and serves an an indication on how to ensure the data classification labels are clearly communicated.''

There are always at least two people involved with exchanging confidential information:

* The '''Owner''' is the person who created the file. The '''Owner''' and '''Discloser''' are often the same person, but not always.
* The '''Discloser''' is the person who provides/sends the information to the Recipient.
* The '''Recipient''' is the person who receives the information.

When in doubt, it's always best to classify at the highest classificaiton. 

== All new documents, box.com, etc. ==

'''Label''' every document with its appropriate classification at the top of the document if possible. When possible, we recommend
using the header feature of the document. 

== Google Apps ==

'''Label''' every document (Docs, Sheets, Slides, Drawings, etc.) with its appropriate classification at the top of
the document.
* For Docs, we recommend including the label in the header of the document.
* For Slides, we recommend including the label in the master slide so that it shows on all slides.
* For Sheets, we recommend creating a dedicated sheet (the tabs at the bottom of the page) either called "Data Classification" or the name of the classification for the entire file. In that new sheet, indicate the data classification.
* When setting sharing options in the Google documents:
** <span style="background-color: #4a6785; border-radius: .25em; color: #ffffff; display: inline-block;font-weight:bold; margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align:center;">Mozilla Confidential - Staff and NDA'd Mozillians Only</span> documents should be set so that "''anyone at Mozilla ''" have access.
** <span style="background-color: #ffd351; border-radius: .25em; color: #594300; display: inline-block; font-weight: bold;margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Mozilla Confidential - Specific Work Groups Only</span> documents should be set so that only "''specific people''" have access.
** <span style="background-color: #d04437; border-radius: .25em; color: #ffffff; display: inline-block; font-weight: bold;margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Mozilla Confidential - Specific Individuals Only</span> documents should be set so that only "''specific people''" have access and only the owner can add people.

== Wikimo (mediawiki), GitHub public repos ==

* All documentation is by default <span style="background-color: #cccccc; border-radius: .25em; color: #000000; display:inline-block; font-weight: bold; margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Public</span> on https://wiki.mozilla.org
* No confidential information may be hosted on the wiki.

== Email subject lines ==

* <span style="background-color: #d04437; border-radius: .25em; color: #ffffff; display: inline-block;
* font-weight:bold;margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align:
* center;">Mozilla Confidential - Specific Individuals Only</span> information '''must''' be labeled in the subject line and should not be forwarded without the original senders express permission.
* For other emails, optionally label subjects with the appropriate classification. This one is up to you, but we encourage you to label emails when the subject is sensitive and it is important to alert recipients.

== Matrix ==

Set your Matrix channel topic to start with the classification label. This is also recommended for public channels.

Also ensure that non-public channels are protected by password or channel access control.

Remember that <span style="background-color: #ffd351; border-radius: .25em; color: #594300; display: inline-block;font-weight: bold; margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding: .05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align:
center;">Mozilla Confidential - Specific Work Groups Only</span> and <span style="background-color: #d04437;border-radius: .25em; color: #ffffff; display: inline-block; font-weight: bold;margin: .1em 0; min-width: 6em; padding:
.05em .5em; text-transform: uppercase; text-align: center;">Mozilla Confidential - Specific Individuals Only</span> '''may not''' be shared on Matrix.

Ex: "PUBLIC | This is a channel to discuss anything you like about Firefox".

== Zoom, Hello, Hangouts, Skype and other video conference tools ==

* When using video conferencing, if this is not a public call - ensure that only the people who need to know the information have access to the video conference and chat.
* Verify the list of participants and verbally announce if you're going to share any non-public information.

== Code and configuration deployments ==

When committing or deploying code that handles credentials:

* Ensure that the credentials are stored in a separate file (if possible encrypted).
* Optionally label the file with a comment mentioning it's data classification label (either inside the file or as a file attribute, or even in the file name if it makes sense)
